Add multiple tutorial pages covering the "Registration" material from the SCT course (#3094)
spinalcordtoolbox/spinalcordtoolbox: documentation/source/user_section/tutorials/2/2-7.rst

2.7 Registration algorithm: ``sct_register_to_template``
########################################################

.. figure:: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spinalcordtoolbox/doc-figures/master/registration_to_template/thin-plate-straightening.png
   :align: right
   :figwidth: 300px

   Spinal cord straighting using thin-plate spline interpolation.

> After spinal cord labeling, we can register the subject with the template. e have the labeled spinal cord, we can register the anatomical image to the template. SCT provides the ``sct_register_to_tempalte`` command for template registration. Here are the steps for the algorithm within this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After spinal cord labeling, we can register the subject with the template. If we have the labeled spinal cord, we can register the anatomical image to the template. SCT provides the ``sct_register_to_template`` command for template registration. Here are the steps for the algorithm within this command:
```

> After spinal cord labeling, we can register the subject with the template. e have the labeled spinal cord, we can register the anatomical image to the template. SCT provides the ``sct_register_to_tempalte`` command for template registration. Here are the steps for the algorithm within this command:

Reviewer: Maybe add a definition for "registration"?
